yo what up everybody should both fatal
shots here bringing you another search
and destroy gameplay off firing range
this is the moment once again and this
is a gameplay from when I first started
off playing I was love going after 38 I
think here why study and
I don't know why didn't post this up
earlier like it's been in my hard drive
i don't know i guess i didn't get to it
but whatever i'm posting it now and I
want to know why a lot of people hate
search and destroy it was so bad about
it I don't know like most of my friends
if I'm gonna live with them Villa
yellen's play some search everybody be
like nah nah fuck search I hate that
bullshit yo what's so bad about citizens
through though I really want to know um
let me know cuz i don't know what's the
what's the problem with it all right
here you seen that I put that motion
sensor down and that's how I knew that
guy was there that's like a mini read
all right there that's like one of my
favorite buddies when I play search
always lets me know when people are
around me harm and like you could you
could do it usually for that same reason
about how i did it before i moved up on
it to make sure nobody was up there
that's how I found you get ready for the
background but um yes so like why does
everybody hate search I don't know I
feel like everybody like just has strong
feeling for sites in the show they hate
it like do you think do you hate it just
because you think you're gonna die right
away or
cuz like i don't know cuz you just for
that same reason that you die and then
you have to wait for the next round like
what what is it that everybody hates
about search let me know maybe it maybe
I could convince you guys to play it cuz
I'm not even alive I actually had
convinced some people to play search I
mean I haven't told him anything you
know but I just like they watch me play
like like they actually watching pay
like fuel my boys and my cousins like
last night I was playing I was actually
playing call of duty this black ops for
ps3 but hold on like before I got to
that this one thing you don't want to do
you see how Iran got far from the motion
sensor and you don't want to do that
could look I'm shooting I'm here shootin
the target not even the guy defusing the
pound I think that's what that's for but
like you don't want to go far from the
bomb of you especially if you planted
cuz a lot of people tend to do that they
want to plant the bomb and run away from
the bottom you know to get a lot of
kills I mean either way you're gonna get
the kills because they can have to come
to you but you know I don't know if you
don't have to bother you should defend
it so that's one shunt every morning but
it's been doing that but it's all good i
make up for it
um what was I saying yeah last night I
was playing back out on the ps3 I barely
played on the ps3 but you know like is
it's kind of the same thing but only
thing is the control like I just have to
get used to it play a few games i guess
and then I'll get used to it last night
mote like almost everybody that was
there with none of them wanted to play
search so whatever i'll go just watch me
play so whatever they watched me play
and i was i was fucking people look I
did some crazy shit I got a lot of kill
calves basically like you know I was I
was I was playing the same way I play on
xbox I was killing everybody and um
basically at least i got some i got some
of them they were like all damn you now
when i go home you're gonna make me want
to play search ah did I kill that she
looks hot now okay so I don't know man
like searching bed people just always
think of it like all them die and
waiting the ground I mean that's why I
came out here please correct me if I'm
wrong but
yeah I like search man it's not even bad
and one thing I noticed is that i use
the i have the ak-47 a lot in most of my
gameplays I mean let me know if you guys
want me to do something else but like
you know just let me know i'll try to
get some gameplay but i don't know like
i like the ak-47 and the ak-74 when i
first started playing like it was all I
seen everybody was using the AK like
both those guns and like it and also the
famas but you know like I don't know I
like Tomas but I don't not only like it
that much here I guess I just need to
get used to the gun but everybody will
kill me i'm not even allow you i was
getting raped i couldn't kill shit i was
done killed left
I was there like I was it might happen
you guys to it you get mad at first you
don't know how to play but I was you I
said to myself when I unlocked the
aching 74 and 8047 desperate I'm gonna
be hard because that's all everybody was
using like it seemed like those guns
were sewing fucking more powerful like
they kill you they really fucking read
about I don't know but unlocked on and I
fucking love them so I stuck to them
right here you see me shooting out the
AC car I mean okay chica RC car and that
is one of the most things that kills me
in this game RC car I mean it's not even
hard so it's kind of easy to avoid it
you know you just gotta know what you're
doing like listen for the sound like I
have a headset I mean I barely use the
volume on TV I mean you could probably
still do it like listen for words coming
from all you gotta do is like hide and
then once you see that shit pops you go
on whatever you were doing it's that
simple but um yeah like I don't know if
you guys noticed but the only guy
killing me was that X fusion that's why
I fusion whatever his name was and he
was just an m14 a single shotgun by play
I don't know I remember Suzanne word
that would administer rape it's throw
down with a sniper scope is used as a
sniper rifle butt right here this last
round you see moving around just fucking
rapin errbody can I killed four people
and like less than 50 seconds of the
round so you know what you're doing like
this was gonna happen you're gonna pull
off a lot of cousin one round like right
now if I play like you know I mean have
most of my games you know i'll be
pulling on i'll be raping but right here
you see me throw the decoy out of claim
on I don't know I thought for some
reason i thought i had stun grenades but
I mean decoy is good especially at first
when I first got the game when everybody
first got to get myself I used to be
stunned little cuz everybody would think
that's a person I you know randomly
shooting even if it's out the map they'd
be like oh what the hell somebody
glitched out the map and they fought for
like they actually go to it and then
that's how you popped me I mean I don't
know this still works now like I barely
used it i started using a stun a lot for
that same reason that claim what i just
did you see but yeah so let me know what
you guys think about search like I want
to know why do you guys hate it maybe I
could post something good search
gameplay and you guys could Logano see
see how it is and maybe I might convince
you to play search and you guys could
play with me but y'all hope you enjoy so
next time